Added release notes for Media streaming agents (#24318)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/streaming-browser-release-notes/streaming-browser-agent-shaka-26-02-18.mdx

---
subject: Streaming Video & Ads for Browser
title: Media agent for Shaka v4.0.2
releaseDate: '2026-02-18'
version: 4.0.2
metaDescription: Release notes for Media agent for Shaka version 4.0.2
category: Shaka
---

## Bug fixes

### Fixed `contentBitrate` to accurately report stream bitrate

> **Issue:** The `contentBitrate` attribute was previously using `estimatedBandwidth` (network capacity estimate) as the primary source, which did not accurately represent the actual bitrate of the currently playing video stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Issue:** The `contentBitrate` attribute used `estimatedBandwidth` (the network capacity estimate) as its primary source, which didn't accurately represent the actual bitrate of the playing video stream.
```

**Solution:** Updated the bitrate calculation to prioritize `streamBandwidth` from Shaka Player statistics, which provides the actual content bitrate of the current video variant as defined in the manifest.

> **Impact:** The `contentBitrate` attribute now correctly reports the bitrate (in bits per second) of the video stream being played, rather than the estimated network bandwidth. This provides more accurate telemetry data for video quality monitoring and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Impact:** The `contentBitrate` attribute correctly reports the bitrate (in bits per second) of playing video stream rather than the estimated network bandwidth. This provides more accurate telemetry data for video quality monitoring and analytics.
```

#### Technical details

> - Changed priority order in `getContentBitratePlayback()` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the priority order in `getContentBitratePlayback()` method
```

> - Now uses `stats.streamBandwidth` as the primary source for content bitrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uses the `stats.streamBandwidth` as the primary source for content bitrate
```

> - Updated `DATAMODEL.md` documentation to reflect the accurate definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `DATAMODEL.md` documentation to reflect the accurate definition
```
